Monday July 31, 1899
Breakfast at 6 A.M. – Broke camp at 8.20 and started for Red Rock. Arrived at Red Rock, a place of two log houses and a stream, at 9.30 A.M. – Talked with cow boys for a few minutes and then started across the plain – Red Rock is near the mouth of the gulch through which we came from West to East a distance of 16 miles – the whole valley being 30 miles in length – On our left was the main range of the Rocky Mts, the continental divide between the Atlantic and Pacific slopes – They are very high

mountains rising abruptly from the flood plain to a height of 12,000 ft., that being almost 5,000 ft. alone the level of the plain – Red Rock Lake lies at the food of three mts on the border of the plain – The plain itself is excellent grazing land and we passed through immense herds of curious or rather inquisitive cattle, which would stand and watch and then stampede – There were also a few herds of horses – Buffalo [holes] and trails were noticeable – Finally after eating lunch in the wagons we reached the beginning of the continental divide [area] which we are to cross – It was cloudy in the morning so that it was not disagreeable in the open country. We reached the

border at 2 P.M. and Carl, Chit and I went in to a log cabin and brought ten lbs. of butter and 3 gals milk for the boys, and brought them to our camp. Camped in a creek which I think was Red Rock Creek, just to the West of the continental divide. Supper at 4.30 of bacon, Fresh milk, bread and butter. We feel like kings having our sweet milk and butter for our meal. Carl caught five grailings in the creek tonight. Walked almost 20 miles today. Rode in wagon for [four] miles. Jack caught a big string of grailings in the creek – 4 grailing and one trout large size – We’ll have them for breakfast tomorrow – Others [returned] with fish – Some only got one – Big mess – feast tomorrow - 

Sat around the camp – Callers in camp – The lady and gentleman of the cabin where I bought the butter, and a young lady visitor of Dillon Mont., a college girl, a visitor, called on horseback I stood for a half an hour – [tonight] an interesting girl – Parting – Bed after they left at 9 P.M. – Henry’s lake tomorrow only twenty miles from the park.
