Sunday July 16th
Arose at 6. Very cold almost a frost. Nearly froze in dressing. Breakfast of ham and potatoes and tomatoes and bread. Laid around camp till 10.45 at which time started. See route of days march on map. 15 miles distance walked. Camped 10 miles from last camp (see map_ Walked through lower basin and then struck long plain – herds of cattle and horses. – Forded stream on horseback – current very swift and water 2 ½ ft. or more deep Struck foot hills of Lone mt about 12.30. Walked through dense forest over trail stream with fallen timber – Finally pack train missed the trail and had to turn back. Struck across country to find trail. Pack train went around – Had hot and tiresome walk, through the 

woods on and empty stomach for we did not stop for lunch till 2.30 p.m. Had hard work to find trail – Party got separated – Checked high ridge of 400 ft. and waited – Altitude 2000 ft. – After 30 min. struck mt again with Shippee, Kasson and Duncan to find right trail and rest of party. Hard to locate sounds of pistol shots – After our [ham] in the woods found the rest represented by Brayton – The trail we now took had not been traveled for three yes and is very wild and ranger and hard climbing – Altitude affects weathering – make one short [winded] – Trail only marked by blazed trees – mt path – Finally camped some distance East of Lone Mt at an altitude of 8,000 ft. only a little [clear] the snow line and timber [limit] – Busy with camp preparations till 6.30. Struck camp at 5.45 – Supper at 6.30 P.M. of tea, bacon and potatoes – mosquitoes very thick – Had six morning camp fires to keep them away – Very mild place on side of mountain – Picturesque with horses – men and blazing fires – Sayles and I had beds with fire between – Very still with mts towering on all sides – Turned in almost 9 P.M. No sound but the [bell] on the [bell] more – Trail is the name of Alserson’s helper and packer – Too tired to write more – Distance 15

The party now have names as follows – Dunc – Chit - 

Schromie – Eggsy or Farmer Eggsy – Tourist – Weasel – Casy – [Goldberg] [Bragty] and Hatchway. Brady and Speck.
Round the campfire
Real Names
Duncan
Chittenden
Shippee
Goldman
Sayles
Brayton
Kasson
Flint
Brush
Wiel
Keyes
Woodworth
Blackwell
Hathaway
Alderson
White
Trail
